
"Trial arrangements"
"You have until {{ hearingDueDate }} to provide this information."
"You should finalise your trial arrangements to ensure the court has the necessary information for the trial to proceed in a suitable way."
"We are asking you to confirm the case is ready for the trial. This means you have taken all the action required of you in the "
"directions order"
"that you have received."
"If your case is not ready and you do not think it will be ready by the deadline for finalising your trial arrangements, you may wish to postpone or adjourn the trial. To do this, you will need to make an application to the court."
"If you need to make an application, you must complete and submit your trial arrangements first."
"You should only make an application once this has been completed. There will be a link to make an application once you have finalised your trial arrangements."
"If you make an application, please note the trial will go ahead as planned until the application is reviewed by a judge and an order made changing the date of the trial."
"Trial adjustments and duration"
"You will be asked to specify if there are any changes to the support or adjustments you previously specified in your "
"You should review this to identify if your circumstances have changed."
"We will remind you of the time allocated for the trial. If you feel less time is needed, you can specify why in the 'other information' box."
"If you feel that more time will be required, you will need to liaise with the other party and make an application to the court."
"If you need to make an application, you must complete and submit your trial arrangements first. You should only make an application once this has been completed."
"You will be given the opportunity to provide any other information relevant to the trial, for example if any party is only available at a specific time."
"Are there any changes to support with access needs or vulnerability for anyone attending a court hearing?"
"Trial Arrangements Confirmation"
"You have said this case is not ready for trial"
"Return to case details"
"What happens next"
"For any changes to accessibility requirements between now and the trial date you will need to call 0300 123 7050."
"Notices and orders"
"You can view your and the other party's trial arrangements under"
"in the case details."
"The trial will go ahead as planned on the specified date unless a judge makes an order changing the date of the trial."
"make an application"
"If you want the date of the trial to be changed (or any other order to make the case ready for trial) you will need to"
"to the court and pay the appropriate fee."
"You have said this case is ready for trial"
"If there are any changes to the arrangements between now and the trial date you will need to"
"as soon as possible and pay the appropriate fee."
"For any changes to accessibility requirements between now and the trial date you will need to phone the court on 0300 123 7050."
"Confirmation of your hearing fee payment"
"Your application for help with the hearing fee is complete "
"Your reference number"
"You'll receive a decision on your application within 5 to 10 working days."
"Select I want to accept this repayment plan to accept the court's proposed repayment plan"
"Please select: Once your claim is submitted you will not be able to make any changes. Your claim will not be issued and sent to the other parties until you have paid the claim fee."
"Please select I confirm I’ve read and accept the terms of the agreement"
"Tell us if you believe the hearing requirement details on this page are true"
