"New documents have been uploaded",
"Ahead of your upcoming trial or hearing, new documents have been uploaded. You can view them under 'Documents'.",
"View documents"
"Due by: {{bundleStitchingDeadline}}",
"Any documents submitted after the due date may not be considered by the judge.",
"Please follow the instructions sent in the ",
"which can be found under 'Notices and orders'.",
"standard directions order ",
"Upload documents",
"You can upload and submit any documents which support your claim. These can include any communications, paperwork and statements from expert and witnesses."
"If they don’t receive the money by then, they can request a County Court Judgment against you.",
"Mediation Agreement",
"{{ claimantName }} has rejected your admission of £{{ partAmount }}",
"Telephone: 0300 123 7050",
"They believe you owe them the full £{{ fullAmount}} claimed."
"Answers to questions asked by other party",
"Your expert's answers to questions put by the other party",
"Case reference: {{ caseNumber }}",
"Case summary",
"Overview of your whole case",
"Check your answers",
"Warning You cannot withdraw a document once you have submitted it.",
"You cannot withdraw a document once you have submitted it.",
"Confirmation",
"I confirm the documents are correct, and understand that I cannot withdraw documents once I have submitted them.",
"Tell us if you confirm the documents are correct.",
"Document uploaded",
"Costs",
"A detailed list of the costs you have incurred in making or defending the claim, for example photocopying, getting copies of contracts, include receipts",
"Disclosure",
"Disclosure list",
"A list of the documents that you must show the other parties",
"Documentary evidence for the hearing",
"Documents that you wish to rely on at the hearing, including emails, receipts, invoices, contracts and photos. You do not need to add documents that you have already added under witness evidence",
"Documentary evidence for trial",
"Documents that you wish to rely on at the trial, including emails, receipts, invoices, contracts and photos. You do not need to add documents that you have already added under witness evidence",
"Documents for disclosure",
"Recorded information that you must show the other parties - for example, contracts, invoices, receipts, emails, text messages, photos, social media messages",
"Documents referred to in the statement",
"Documents you or your witness refer to in the statement, including emails, receipts, invoices, contracts and photos",
"Expert evidence",
"Expert report",
"Expert's report",
"A written report by your expert. Expert evidence is an opinion based on the expertise of a specialist, for example - a building surveyor who can comment on the quality of building work. An expert is not a legal representative",
"Hearing documents",
"Joint statement of experts",
"A statement by the experts for both parties, setting out the facts in the case that they agree on or disagree on. This only applies if you and the other party set up a meeting for your experts. The experts write this statement after their discussion",
"Legal authorities",
"You can use legal authorities to support your case. These are Acts of Parliament, Rules - for example, the Civil Procedure Rules - or other court cases that have decided a point that is relevant to your case. Copy and paste the relevant extracts from Acts, Rules or cases into a document to upload",
"Notice of intention to rely on hearsay evidence",
"Notice to tell the other parties that you intend to rely on hearsay evidence at the trail. If the evidence is in a witness statement and the witness is not going to be in court, you must say why",
"Questions for other party's expert or joint expert",
"Written questions about an expert's report or a joint statement of experts",
"Select the types of documents that apply to your case. You may not need to upload documents for every category.",
"Skeleton argument",
"Summary of the case, the areas in dispute and the reasons why you think those disputes should be resolved in your favour",
"What types of documents do you want to upload?",
"Trial documents",
"Witness evidence",
"Witness statement",
"A written statement of what your witness wants to tell the court",
"Witness summary",
"If you cannot get a written statement from your witness, you can write a summary of the evidence you would want to include in the witness statement. You must apply to the court to use a witness summary at the hearing. You must do this before the deadline. Use ",
"form N244 'application notice'",
"Your statement",
"A written statement of what you want to tell the court"