       // TODO: to send
       "Balance, in pounds"
       "After you have completed all the actions you will be taken to a page where you can check your answers before submitting."
       "Check and submit your claim"
       "Completing your claim"
       "Consider other options"
       "Make a money claim"
       "Pay your claim fee"
       "Prepare your claim"
       "Resolving this dispute"
       "Claim submitted"
       "Download your claim form"
       "Your claim will be issued once your Help With Fees application has been confirmed."
       "We'll email you within 5 days to confirm this."
       "Once the claim is issued, "
       "will have 28 days to respond to your claim."
       "has until 4pm on "
       " to respond to your claim."
       "They can request up to an extra 28 days if they need it."
       "You can request a County Court Judgment against them if they don't respond by the deadline."
       "If the defendant pays you"
       "You need to sign in to your account to tell us you've been paid."
       "Bundles"
       "You can find the bundle below."
       "As the bundle has now been created, you will have to"
       "apply to the court"
       "if you want any new documents you upload to be used at your trial or hearing."
       "Any new documents you upload will not be included in the main bundle. They will be listed separately below and under 'Documents'."
       "Trial Bundle"
       "Created On"
       "Hearing Date"
       "Document URL"
       "Date uploaded"
       "The documents listed below have been uploaded since the trial bundle was created."
       "Document name"
       "Document"
       "'s uploaded documents"
       "Date uploaded "
       "disclosure"
       "Documentary evidence"
       "Download hearing notice"
       "Read and save all documents uploaded by the parties involved in the claim. Three weeks before the trial, a bundle will be created containing all submitted documents in one place. You will be told when this is available."
       "expert evidence"
       "expert report"
       "Documents referred to in statement"
       "hearing documents"
       "Intention to rely on hearsay evidence"
       "Notices and orders"
       "Updates"
       "witness evidence"
       "Orders"
       "trial documents"
       "Reference number"
       "Expected end date"
       "Lift the debt respite scheme (breathing space)"
       " Date lifted"
       "Are you sure you want to lift the debt respite scheme?"
       "Once the debt respite scheme is lifted you will not be able to change this."
       "Annual rate interest you want to claim"
       "Why you're claiming this rate?"