// Requested

"Annual Turnover, in pounds"
"Amount you owe, in pounds"
"Behind on tax payments?"
"Money Claims"
"Sorry, the service is unavailable"
"Money Claims – GOV.UK"
"You will be able to use the service later."
"Your claim will not be issued and sent to the other parties until you have paid the claim fee."
"Pay claim fee"
"This claim is now settled"
"How interest to date is calculated?"
"If it’s successful, you may not have to pay any or all of the claim fee."
"If it’s unsuccessful, we’ll ask you to pay the claim fee shown on this page in full."
"Interest to date"
"Total amount you’re claiming"
"That would mean the total claim amount would be lower than the amount shown on this page."
"We’ll review your Help With Fees application after you submit the claim"
"Pay your claim fee"
"If you settle out of court we won't refund your claim fee. You can ask the defendant to pay back your claim fee as part of the settlement."
"continue to payment"
"Claim total interest"
"Finalise your trial arrangements"
"Trial duration"
"The trial duration originally allocated is {{ hearingDuration }}."
"If you require less time please set out your reasons in the 'Other information' box below."
"If you think you will need more time for the trial, you will need to liaise with the other party and make an application to the court.The time allocated for the trial will not be increased until an application is received, the fee paid, and an order made."
"Other information"
"Is there anything else the court needs to know (optional)?"
"For example, a witness needs to leave the court by 3pm due to caring responsibilities."
"Add another"
"Date statement was written"
"For example, 27 9 2022"
"Day"
"Each document must be less than 100MB. You can upload the following file types: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF, RTF, TXT, CSV, JPG, JPEG, PNG, BMP, TIF,TIFF."
"Your name"
"Month"
"No files uploaded"
"Upload documents"
"Remove section"
"Your statement"
"Acceptable documents formats"
"Type of document"
"Upload a file"
"For example, contract, invoice, receipt, email, text message, photo, social media message"
"Date document was issued or message was sent"
"Trial documents"
"Case summary"
"Skeleton argument"
"Legal authorities"
"Costs"
"Documentary evidence for trial"
"Disclosure"
"Documents for disclosure"
"Disclosure list"